Really? Well, you don't say.
Yes, really! Of course,
I've been saying it all along.
Oh, good morning, Misses Forger.
You look rather blue,
is something wrong?
Am I just gonna be thrown
away like a piece of trash?
I got so worked up
over that tennis game,
but it won't make any
difference in the long run.
What in the world?
Obviously her husband
cheated on her.
Not a doubt in my mind.
My word, what kind of
despicable person is he?
I've always said that
you can't trust a man
that looks that good.
The women flock to him
like flies on sugar.
[NEIGHBOR A] Maybe she should do
like the lady in apartment 15
and have the Secret Police
teach him a lesson.
[NEIGHBOR A laughs]
[TWILIGHT] Is Yor getting
suspicious of Nightfall?
This could be very bad.
Not only would my cover
be put in jeopardy,
but if she talks about
it to her brother...
He hurt my feelings, Yuri.
I knew this would happen!
I'll get every agent on it!
He's gonna hang for
what he did to you!
[TWILIGHT] It's an
extremely likely scenario.
[ANYA]
Whoa!
[BOND barks]
[laughs] Got you now, Bondman!
Curse you, King Scruff!
[FRANKY laughing]
[ANYA yells, laughs]
I wanna draw now.
[FRANKY laughs]
This magical color-changing pen
I invented should come in handy!
Oh, yeah! I even
brought a Frisbee
so the pup can play, too!
[ANYA]
Woo-hoo!
Okay, well, thanks for looking
after the place while I--
How many times do
I have to tell you
I'm not a babysitter anyway?
And I told you, Franky,
I have to clear up
Yor's misconceptions
about my colleague.
The mission's in trouble.
[FRANKY] Then have a
family meeting at home!
[TWILIGHT] There are some
things I don't want to say
in front of the you know who.
And so...
[FRANKY] You can't just
throw money at me every time
I have a legitimate
concern, ya know?
Okay, guys, it's party time!
Let's go to the park!
Sound like fun?
[ANYA]
Yay!
[BOND barks]
[TWILIGHT]
Yor!
[YOR]
Sorry, work got a little hectic
so I had to stay kinda late.
Oh, it's okay.
So, uh, tonight, we're...
We're going to relax
and have some drinks.
I know the perfect spot.
One Red Queen for the lady.
Thank you.
Scotch, as usual.
And leave the bottle.
I appreciate all you do.
For Anya, and the house.
So cheers.
Oh. Cheers to you!
[YOR]
This is kind of weird.
I get the feeling Loid
has something
he wants to talk to me about.
[TWILIGHT] Anyway, I just
wanted to say thanks.
But I'll still trade
you in for Fiona.
[NIGHTFALL]
Good evening.
[TWILIGHT chuckles]
[YOR]
That's gotta be it!
And by the way, about that whole
thing with Fiona yesterday--
Yeah?!
[TWILIGHT]
You okay?
[YOR]
I'm fine. Sorry.
What am I gonna do?
If he wants me
out of the family,
that's gonna be a
real problem for me.
But still, I knew going in
this was a marriage
of convenience.
What Loid wants to
do with his life
is really none of my business.
So, uh...
[YOR] If he has romantic
feelings for her,
then I shouldn't stick around.
I need to just try to leave with
as much dignity as possible.
[YOR]
Listen, Loid.
If this is really what you want,
then I'd be happy to...
to just, um... I, uh...
[YOR]
What's wrong with me?
I...
[YOR] It's like the words
are getting caught
in my throat or something.
Because I want this
to last? Or what?
Get real.
Loid deserves to be
happy, and honestly,
he doesn't owe me anything.
Okay, booze! Give me strength!
Or just knock those words
right outta my mouth!
Still not enough!
Let me have yours, too!
Hang on! Drinking all that
at once will kill you!
[YOR]
Loid...
Huh?
Just who in the hell
is that woman anyway?
Are you in love with her, Loid?
What's the deal? Huh?
[TWILIGHT] That's exactly what
I wanted to talk about, Yor.
Oh? Yeah? So you were in a
relationship, huh? How long?
Well, I just wanna
say I wish you both
all the happiness
in the whole world,
and I don't even know what the
hell I'm even saying anymore!
[TWILIGHT] Fiona's just
a colleague of mine
and nothing more!
I promise you,
that's all there is to it!
[BARKEEP A] Must be tough
to be so handsome.
[YOR] I can handle it.
I know I'm a big ol' zero.
And I'm not as pretty
and don't have...
Are you even listening to me?
[TWILIGHT]
Wait a minute.
[YOR] But you said before
that I was pretty, too.
I guess you were just lying
to me to get your way.
[TWILIGHT]
I had thought she was worried
about our arrangement
coming to an end
because she'd lost faith
in her domestic abilities.
But this feels like jealousy.
But you've just gotten
sick of me, haven't you?
[TWILIGHT] I think Yor actually
has romantic feelings for me!
[TWILIGHT]
It's fine, I'm Twilight.
I've had relationships
with countless women
for the sake of my missions.
[TWILIGHT] I didn't mean to
make you worry. I'm sorry.
[TWILIGHT]
If she really feels this way,
I have to use it for the
sake of this mission.
Time for Operation Honey Trap.
Please, Yor. Please
don't lose faith in me.
Huh?!
You don't hate me now, do you?
[YOR] Hate, uh? Uh, no.
I wouldn't say that.
Look, Yor, the time
we've spent together...
...has made me realize
my true feelings.
[stammering]
So I say let's get
married for rea--
[YOR screams]
Huh? The hell'd I just do?
[TWILIGHT]
I couldn't've been more wrong!
That kick doesn't lie.
That wasn't embarrassment.
It was true rejection!
Not even a hint of
romance in there!
I got cocky and completely
misread the situation.
I'm so sorry, Loid!
Are you okay?
[TWILIGHT] But what was she
so upset about before
that she almost killed me?
Was it some kind of reverse trap
to get me to initiate
my honey trap?
Is Yor a spy, too?
No, that's ridiculous.
I need to calm down.
I really mucked up that
emotional assessment.
Maybe being with Yor's
thrown me off my game.
[YOR]
♪ Sleep, little one. ♪
♪ 'Neath the moon's
silver shine. ♪
[TWILIGHT]
A song?
Takes me back.
My mother used to sing it
to me when I was little.
[YOR]
♪ Drift off to sleep. ♪
♪ O sweet prince of mine. ♪
[TWILIGHT]
Mother?
♪ Good night. ♪
♪ I don't know the rest, ♪
♪ but I'll just make
something up. ♪
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
Time to rise and shine,
my little sleepyhead.
[TWILIGHT]
Where in the heck are we?!
And how long was I out for?
We just went to the
little park by the bar.
The big meanie bartender said
we were being too loud
and kicked us out.
You were only asleep
for like five minutes.
[TWILIGHT] I haven't been
knocked out like that
since my training days.
Have I really let myself
get that sloppy?
Also, why I was I using
her lap as a pillow?
I'm sorry, Loid. For everything.
Of course you'd get sick
of a clumsy, muscle-headed
woman like me.
I'm so bad at all the normal
lady kinda stuff.
When I was a little kid...
Although I can't remember
her face anymore,
I loved being in
my mother's arms.
There could be bombs falling
outside in the distance
and I'd still sleep soundly
when I was with her.
Because she was so strong.
One of Anya's favorite
things to tell me
is that she doesn't have
to worry about much
because her mama
will always save her.
She wouldn't be so
happy and energetic
if you weren't around
to make her feel so safe.
[TWILIGHT] We WISE agents are
trying to rebuild the world
through blood, sweat, and tears.
But we need true strength
like hers to keep the peace.
You're incredibly strong, Yor.
Given our situation, it might
be kind of odd to hear this,
but you're already
a wonderful mother.
[YOR] I think he means a
different kind of strength
than what I have.
I have no intention of
replacing you in that role,
so you don't need to worry.
But what about Piona? She seems
like a strong lady, too.
I'd never even considered
asking her to do that.
Seems like she'd have
zero parenting skills.
[YOR]
But in my case,
I'd just been taking care
of Yuri for so long
that I tried to do
something similar.
[TWILIGHT]
But that's just it, though.
It's something you've
been perfecting
since you were little,
so of course you're
the best at it.
You should be proud.
That's why I'd love nothing more
than for you to keep being
a great mother to Anya.
And obviously,
keep being my wife.
Well, I humbly accept, Loid,
if you both still want
me around that is.
Heh. Of course.
Your nose is running.
Thanks. I'm sorry
'bout all that, Loid.
Shall we head home?
[YOR]
Oh, definitely.
I'll make you some hot
tea once we get there.
Mama and Papa are late.
Must be off shacking
up somewhere.
[FRANKY] Where did you learn
to say things like that?
[ANYA]
Mostly from Becky.
I hope they're home soon.
Anya, honestly, do you
like your mom and dad?
Huh? I love them.
I see.
[door opens]
[TWILIGHT]
We're home.
Mama and Papa are
flir... ting...
[FRANKY laughs]
[FRANKY]
Holy cow!
Did you put the moves on
her and get clobbered?
No, no! It's not like that!
[ANYA]
Big 'ol chin monster.
[FRANKY] Why don't you
take a gander up close?
Stop! No way! Don't touch it!
[YOR]
It's all a big surprise for me.
Because growing up,
my only real attachment
in life was to Yuri.
I never imagined that
I would feel this way
about anybody or anything else.
[NARRATOR]
The next day...
Oh my gosh! Why is there a
chin monster on your face?
Wait, you mean you forgot
everything about yesterday?
[NARRATOR] ...they had the same
conversation all over again.
[DAMIAN] So that little get
together is next week.
Well.
That's not really
applicable to us just yet.
I'm planning on getting eight
Stella as soon as possible.
[EWEN]
You will!
[ANYA] Papa is on a mission
called Operation Sticks
to be friends with
Second Son's papa.
I can help by being
an Imeperel Scooter
so we can go to
the fancy meetups.
The thing is, I kinda gave up
on getting eight Stella Stars.
Studying's hard.
I'm still bad at sports.
And I'm really tired of
not being good at stuff.
So I gotta go all in on Plan B,
the Friendship Scheme,
to get closer to Second Son,
but it hasn't been
working too good so far.
What are you looking at, uggo?!
Go beat up some patients
with your dad.
I'm running out of patience.
I don't know if my heart
can take much more
of watching you like this.
I know what you're
going through.
It's a classic dilemma.
Telling someone you love them
is such a tough thing to do.
Love who?
I love Papa. I love Mama.
I love peanuts. I love cartoons.
But Second Son...
No way. No how.
Aw, it's cute that you're
shy, but get real!
Okay, I know! I'm gonna help
you make him fall for you.
He won't have a choice.
[ANYA]
Hm?
Boys are suckers for cute girls.
So we just need
to make you cuter.
We'll get you in
the perfect outfit
and he'll be putty
in your hands.
[ANYA]
Huh?
So this coming weekend,
you and I...
...are going shopping!
[ANYA] I've never been in a
car this fancy! It's so cool!
I mean, yeah, it's
good enough, I guess.
But what's the deal?
I went all the way to your
apartment to pick you up
and my darling Loid
wasn't even there!
Loid, oh Loid!
Wherefore art thou, Loid?
Thank you so much for looking
after our daughter today.
[ANYA]
Papa had a 'mergency at work.
[BECKY] And of course Mister
Dreamy Loid's wife is so pretty.
I'd say she's a worthy rival.
[MARTHA] You mustn't
commit adultery, my lady.
That pochette is
really cute, Anya.
What did you bring?
Oh. A stack of cold hard cash.
[TWILIGHT] Being on good
terms with the Blackbells
will be extremely advantageous.
Surely WISE will approve
a bit more in the budget.
Here you go.
Oh, wow!
[ANYA]
My allowance.
[BECKY]
Oh, he is such a sweetheart.
Could've given you more, though.
[MARTHA]
Kids these days.
[ANYA] How many peanuts do you
think I could get with this?
[BECKY] We're not buying
peanuts, silly.
We are getting you into some
cute and stylish looks.
[EMPLOYEES] Welcome, Miss Becky.
It's good to see you today.
We've prepared
quite a few pieces
from the Berlint
Collection for you.
That's perfect.
Is your dad some kind of evil
mastermind or something?
How much cold hard cash you got?
Oh, I've never carried cash
on me in my entire life.
Usually, the shops
bring stuff to me.
But today, I wanted to
have the experience
of shopping with you,
so I rented out this
whole department store.
Just try on as many
outfits as you can.
And we'll find the one
that'll capture his heart!
Yes! It's all super
adorable, Anya!
But cute as you may be,
I'm still way cuter!
You're breaking out
of your shell.
We're seeing a fabulous,
brand-new you emerge!
Uh... Might need to crawl back
into the shell a little.
On the other hand, high
fashion takes courage!
Oh, now that is insanely
fashionable, Anya!
It's like you went
so far out there,
you managed to break through
the barriers of style
and got freaky!
[ANYA]
Fashion is really hard.
You got that right.
We don't really know
what Damian likes,
so it's kinda hard
to narrow it down.
But when I go to school,
I have to wear the same
ol' thing every day.
How will I get to
show him what I got?
[BECKY] Well, yeah, we have to
wear our uniforms to school,
but if the teacher
says it's okay,
we can wear our own clothes
to the big dorm party
at the end of the semester.
And that'll be your
time to wow him!
[BECKY]
Hang on a sec!
If the parents are
invited to the party,
then it could be my chance, too!
[TWILIGHT] You're such
a lovely young lady.
I'm Anya's father, Loid.
What am I even doing?!
I've wasted so much time
shopping for Anya,
I forgot about me!
Okay, what kind of style
is my dreamy Loid into?
[EMPLOYEES cheering]
[EMPLOYEE B]
So cute!
[BECKY] Should I go for the
classic, tried-and-true,
cute-as-pie look?
[EMPLOYEE A]
Aww! Miss Becky!
[EMPLOYEE C]
How lovely!
[BECKY]
Or is he a fan of couture?
[EMPLOYEE D]
You look amazing!
Maybe something like this?
Or perhaps... I'll show
my sophistication.
Or maybe... I'll try
something more familiar.
[EMPLOYEES chattering]
[EMPLOYEE C, EMPLOYEE D]
You're too cute!
[BECKY]
Hmm...
I'm just being pulled in
so many directions today.
And every one of them
looked fabulous on you.
I guess I'll have to buy
all of them, then.
Thank you very
much, Miss Becky!
[BECKY] Which one are
you getting, Anya?
My tummy's too full to
look at any more outfits.
[BECKY] Huh. Well, do you
wanna go look at some shoes?
[BECKY] I'm starting to feel
a little tired, too.
Uh-huh. I think I almost
shopped myself to death.
[BECKY] You'll live.
Stop being dramatic.
[MARTHA] My lady, I'm afraid
you've bought too much.
Martha?! Are you somewhere
in all those boxes?
Oh.
Wait. Anya, you still haven't
bought anything yet.
I don't have a clue
about what I want.
I told you, fashion is hard.
Be honest, Anya. Did you have
fun shopping with me?
Oh, yeah!
[gasps]
This is my very first time to
go out shopping with a friend!
It's so cool!
I'm your friend?
Well, in that case,
let's get right back into it.
And that means we need to focus
on what you really want to get!
What I really want is
cartoon toys and stuff!
[BECKY] They don't carry
anything like that here, though.
I think there may be
a plushie shop nearby.
[ANYA]
Who is this Mister Sheep?
[BECKY] Uh. Oh, he's the
department store mascot.
[BECKY]
You see that?
Apparently, this place started
off selling wool, so...
So cute. I want one!
[BECKY] Huh? You're talking
about a key chain?
Maybe you're not as
mature as I thought.
I just wanna remember
my shopping trip with you.
[BECK gasps]
[ANYA] As proof that
we lived through it.
Umm. Then maybe I should get--
[BECKY'S FATHER]
Don't forget.
A daughter of the
Blackbell family
should only wear
the finest of things.
[BECKY grumbles]
[ANYA] Here! I got an
extra one for you, too!
[gasps] Wait, seriously?
[ANYA]
I wanted to be a big sister.
I don't know...
[MARTHA] Your friend
is being quite generous.
Please don't rebuff her.
It'd tarnish the Blackbell name.
I'm positive that's what
your father would say.
Uh, then I suppose I
don't have a choice.
It's a bit embarrassing,
but I'll take it anyway.
Thank you.
And now you should
try getting real.
[BECKY] So why did we even
go shopping today
in the first place?
[ANYA]
I forgot.
[BECKY]
Well, whatever. Let's go home.
[GIRL A cries]
Becky is the meanest girl
in the whole wide world!
She's always saying mean things!
She's just a big ol' bully!
Oh, yeah?!
I'm just calling you a brat
because that's what you are!
That's quite enough,
young lady!
Eden College? No way!
I heard about that
in nursery school.
I don't wanna be lumped in with
all those ill-bred commoners.
I hate it. But whatever.
I guess growing up
means you have to do
what other people want
and keep smiling
through all the bad stuff.
Now. my lady, don't fool
yourself into believing
you have it all figured out.
Once you admit to
what you don't know,
you'll be on your way to
becoming a proper adult.
[BECKY]
Listen to this, Martha!
There's a really funny
girl in my class!
Maybe school's not
so bad after all!
I'll get you something
next time.
Well, I'm very proud
of you, my lady.
This little thing was 300 dalc?
It's me and Becky's
special treasure!
[BOND]
Jealous.
[BECKY]
Good morning! Hey, Anya!
Good morning, please.
Look, we match!
We both have extra cuteness!
I hope the teachers
don't get mad at us.
It'll be cool.
[BECKY]
Ha! Yeah, we're fine!
[BOTH laughing]
Is something the matter,
Lord Damian?
[DAMIAN]
No, nothing! Jeez!
[inaudible]